okay um Ross I'm a little warm so I'm
gonna be taking off my sweater now I'm
just letting you know this is not an
invitation to the physical act of love
yeah that's hilarious
I'm sorry I'm done I'm done you know
last night was embarrassing for you too
no not really I mean I just don't
embarrass that easily
what you totally get embarrassed I don't
Ross I I think I'm just a more secure
person than you are is that so hey lady
I don't care how much you want it okay I
am NOT gonna have sex with you in the
bathroom
so uh I'm on my way back to the bathroom
alright alright just keep walking all
right are you I'm sorry sir I just I
think he just really likes you
hey you know that teacher who had a baby
with her student Oh
yes I'm sorry miss do you have any extra
pants my friend seems to have had a
little accident
welcome to Las Vegas yes I did thank you
very much excellent yeah the nice plate
oh it was the best